docs: revised the online-offline event detection feature page (#26017)
electron/electron: docs/tutorial/online-offline-events.md

# Online/Offline Event Detection

## Overview

[Online and offline event](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Online_and_offline_events)
detection can be implemented in the Renderer process using the
[`navigator.onLine`](http://html5index.org/Offline%20-%20NavigatorOnLine.html)
attribute, part of standard HTML5 API.

> The `navigator.onLine` attribute returns:
> * `false` if any network requests are guaranteed to fail, i.e., definitely
> offline (disconnected from the network).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `navigator.onLine` attribute returns:
* `false` if all network requests are guaranteed to fail (e.g. when disconnected
from the network).
```

* `true` in all other cases.

Since many cases return `true`, you should treat with care situations of
getting false positives, as we cannot always assume that `true` value means
that Electron can access the Internet. For example, in cases when the computer
is running a virtualization software that has virtual Ethernet adapters in "always
connected" state. Therefore, if you want to determine the Internet access
status of Electron, you should develop additional means for this check.

## Example

> ## Event detection in the Renderer process

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Event detection in the Renderer process
```

})
```

create the `online-status.html` file and add the following line before the
closing `</body>` tag:

```html
<script src="renderer.js"></script>
```

and add the `renderer.js` file:

```javascript
const alertOnlineStatus = () => { window.alert(navigator.onLine ? 'online' : 'offline') }

window.addEventListener('online', alertOnlineStatus)
window.addEventListener('offline', alertOnlineStatus)

alertOnlineStatus()
```

After launching the Electron application, you should see the notification:

![Online-offline-event detection](../images/online-event-detection.png)

> ## Event detection in the Main process

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Event detection in the Main process
```
